*vim-settings*

Settings
********

Certain aspects of eclim can be controlled by modifying one or more
settings.

There are two types of settings available:

- Eclim global / project settings.
  These are settings that reside in your Eclipse workspace and are
  used to control certain aspects of the eclim server's behavior.
  These settings can be viewed and modified using one of the following
  commands:

  - :EclimSettings (|vim-core-eclim#:EclimSettings|)
  - |:ProjectSettings|
- Vim global variable settings.
  These are your typical global Vim variables which can be set within
  your vimrc file.

Givin these two types, you may be ask, why do we need two? Or, when a
new setting is added, how do you decide which type to make it?

The reasoning behind having two types is that there are some settings
that may vary from one project to another.  For instance, I may have
one project that can be used in jdk 1.3 and utilizes log4j for
logging, while another project of mine requires jdk 1.4 and utilizes
slf4j for logging.  Instances like this require that each project be
capable of storing their own settings.  Rather than reinvent this
support in Vim, we utilize Eclipse's built in preferences system.

If the Eclipse preferences system can store project level and global
settings, why not make all the eclim settings of this type?  Well, the
downside to Eclipse preferences system is that an Eclipse instance
must be running to obtain the value of that preference.  Eclim
however, requires access to many settings, regardless of whether
Eclipse is running or not.  So, to ensure that these settings are
always available, we utilize the standard Vim global variable support.

When adding a new setting, deciding between an Eclipse preference or a
Vim global variable is a matter of answering the following:

- Will this setting vary from one project to another?
  Yes: Add this setting an Eclipse preference.

- Does eclim need access to this setting regardless of whether an
  Eclipse instance is running or not?
  Yes: Add this setting a Vim global variable.

vim:ft=eclimhelp